listen I get that people love Nicolas
Cage right especially when he goes off
as nuts and this movie does deliver on
that and those were some of my favorite
parts but like y'all know that's just
like 15% of the movie right
I personally give it a rent it for the
mini montage of craziness that Cage does
but boy oh boy did this thing drag more
than Jordan Belfort on some quaaludes
that doesn't mean that I think the whole
thing is terrible bit look I've been to
two Jay Cole concerts so I'm not
condemning you know drug use but like if
there ever was a movie that you should
be on acid for it would be the holy
mountain but this would be a close
second let me explain first things first
shout out to the late great Johan
Johansson who did the score for this one
and it was one of his final one so that
dudes a legend and he definitely asked
to the tone of this movie especially
considering that this movie is all tone
I do dig out the directors dad actually
made tombstone and Panos used the
residuals from that film since he was
part of the second unit to fund his
first film which is meant to be a
spiritual predecessor to this one pretty
much there's this hippie cult in 83 who
are living up in the mountains who's run
by this one dude who has a bigger ego
than Kanye like this fan believes that
God wants him to have whatever he wants
which is why he demands his goons to go
kidnap Mandy but he just glances at her
the Lord however didn't let this man
know that her husband is freaking
Nicholas Kim Coppola Cage both of them
have actually been living that Paul
Bunyan lifestyle off the grid sleeping
under the stars so when the cult pulls
up and burns Mandy right in front of
Kage just because she ridiculed the guy
they awaken a beast
not like I said I love all the Nick Cave
scenes in this movie but damn are
there's some long monologues with this
dude where he did this dude doesn't even
blink granted the subtle backstory of
the couple how he's a recovering
alcoholic and how she had an abusive
past it's a tender look at broken
relationships oh you have to work
together to kill those demons right but
once she dies things just go wild Kage
downs a whole bottle of vodka the call
ends up summoning these black skulls
which are these demon human eating
bikers but Kage reminds them that he was
also a ghostwriter and takes them on a
trip when they rip his shirt a man then
upgrades to coke in a crossbow and then
tells ash that he better watch out as he
pulls up with his chainsaw
by the end he pulls up on their
makeshift church where he starts killing
them one by one to the point that as
cocky as they were in the first half boy
do these people start begging page kills
the malls he drives away into the
sunrise imagining the ghost of his wife
Mandy next to him as the corpses of his
enemies burn in the background to ashes
so a normal day for Nick thank you guys
for checking out this movie I'm Kirsten
of your thoughts down below in the
comment section just because like 75% of
it didn't work for me I'm get to know if
you guys liked it the cinematography was
very interesting the Nick Cage parts are
the craziest parts it's like it's like
an arthouse film got completely blended
in with one of those straights or Redbox
Nic Cage movies and for that alone it's
interesting so I'll give it that
I also like the aspect of it that panels
have said that he made both of these
movies his first feature in this one
because he was grieving his parents and
this kind of helped himself there's that
I'm Kirsten are your thoughts down below
in the comment section what your
favorite Nick Cage freakout moment is in
this movie or any others and don't
forget to comment like and subscribe so
I can send you